So to conclude, we have learned that
Internet of Things Technologies can be
used to enhance interfaces, automate
control and search and evaluate services.
Time to market is generally
shorter using unstructured data.
Schemers, however,
careful planning of graph schemers can
make the data collected more useful.
Choice of schema influences
database supplier.
Often a key contract to be negotiated
in an Internet of Things business.
Internal business data exposed to
the public over a suitable API can
provide a unique selling point
for your business applications.
It can also generate revenue when
offered to applications developed
by other businesses.